You're my favorite person besides every other person I've ever met.
Did your parents have any children that lived?
I envy people who have never met you.
You're kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair, you let down everyone in your life.
You're impossible to underestimate.
You're not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn't die.
Those aren't acne scars, those are marks from the coat hanger.
You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants.
If you were an inanimate object, you'd be a participation trophy.
You look like your father would be disappointed in you if he stayed.
You're not pretty enough to be that dumb.
You're so stupid you couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world's mouth.
People like you are the reason God doesn't talk to us anymore.
You're so dense, light bends around you.
I'd love to stay and chat but I'd rather have type-2 diabetes.
If you were a potato you'd be a stupid potato.
Your face looks like it was set on fire and put out with chains.
You might want to get a colonoscopy for all that butthurt.
Your mother may have told you that you could be anything you wanted, but a douchebag wasn't what she meant.
You look like two pounds of shit in a one-pound bag.
If I wanted to commit suicide I'd climb to your ego and jump to your IQ.
You make me wish I had more middle fingers.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
Everyone that has ever said they love you was wrong.
You have the charm and charisma of a burning orphanage.
If there was a single intelligent thought in your head it would have died from loneliness.
I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
The only difference between you and Hitler is Hitler knew when to kill himself.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
You are the stone in the shoes of humanity.
You're not even as dumb as you look.
This is why everyone talks about you as soon as you leave the room.
You've gotta be two people, because no single person can be that stupid.
If you were any dumber, someone would have to water you twice a week.
You'll never be half the man your mother was.
If you were on fire and I had a cup of my own piss, I'd drink it.
I've forgotten more than you know.
I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
In a country where anyone can be anything, I will never understand why you chose to be mediocre.
You're about as important as a white crayon.
You're about as useful as tits on a pigeon.
Why are you playing hard to get when you're so hard to want?
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
I'm jealous of people that don't know you!
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Please shut your mouth when you're talking to me.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
If stupid were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to tell you a joke on Wednesday.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
